Fix `opam install . --deps` updating internal sources and stored opam file (#6533)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Config

## Pin

>   * [BUG] In case of simulated pin (deps-only, depext-only), no longer fetch and write the sources [#XXX @rjbou]

Author: ```suggestion
  * [BUG] In case of simulated pin (deps-only, depext-only), no longer fetch and write the sources [#6533 @rjbou - fix #6532]
```

## Reftests
### Tests

>   * Add some related pin tests: fetching, reinstall trigger & simulated pin (deps-only) [#XXX @rjbou]
>   * Add working dir test case to check the case where a requested working-dir package is already pinned with another url [#XXX @rjbou]
>   * Add a pin edit test case to check that the additional information is not lost in case of repin to the same url [#XXX @rjbou]

Author: ```suggestion
  * Add some related pin tests: fetching, reinstall trigger & simulated pin (deps-only) [#6533 @rjbou]
  * Add working dir test case to check the case where a requested working-dir package is already pinned with another url [#6533 @rjbou]
  * Add a pin edit test case to check that the additional information is not lost in case of repin to the same url [#6533 @rjbou]
```
